Now that we've seen how we can produce data to REST proxy,
let's actually walk through a demonstration of how that works.
So in our workspace,
I pulled up sample5.
In this sample5, you can see we have a produce function.
But notice, that this produce function
is different than the previous produce functions we've used.
Here, we're using a request.post and not a native Kafka client,
that's because of course,
we're going to be using REST proxy.
So the first thing we're going to do,
is set the appropriate headers.
As I emphasized in the previous section,
getting that content header right is
the most important thing you can do before you start working with REST proxy.
So we're going to set content type to "".
I'll tell you what, I know what this is.
But let's pull the documentation just so that you guys can take
a look at how you can look for this information yourself,
because it can be confusing to figure out
the content type when you first start working with REST proxy.
So we're going to pull this up, and you can see then documentation for REST proxy.
I'll include a link to this in the course notes as well as in your exercise,
you can see they give you the format here.
The format for the content type is, and they lay it out.
So again, we're going to be using JSON in this example.
So we're going to say application/ vnd.kafka, JSON,
API version for us will always be v2,
and the serialization_format for us will always be JSON.
So returning to our example,
we're going to fill in our content-type,
and then we're going to go ahead and make sure to specify that in our request.
Then, we're going to go ahead and define our data.
So to define our data,
the first thing we're going to do is define a records keep.
Records are a list of one or more records to post to the REST proxy.
But we don't just dump the data in here.
We have to specify that it's a value or that it's a key.
So in this example,
I'm going to just use the purchase data we've been using for the previous exercises.
Once that's done, I'm going to make sure to pass that data in the post.
Note that, I've dumps to the data.
So I'm taking this dictionary and dumping it out to JSON string.
If you don't do this,
you're going to get an error from Kafka.
Finally, we need to make sure we render out the URL.
So I'm going to grab the URL from up above,
REST_proxy_URL, and we're going to give this a topic name.
So we're going to say lesson4.sample5,
I'm going to save, and then we're going to run.
Looks like we got a mistake here, let's take a look.
Very simple mistake here,
just missing brackets around my data.
So I was sending in just a key-value pair without wrapping it in a dictionary bracket.
So that was just a simple syntactical mistake.
All right. Let's try that one more time.
We've got a 404 error. I know what the issue is.
We specified the REST proxy URL and then just gave it a topic name.
That's actually not the correct path.
We look at the documentation for topics,
we look at posting data,
so let's go ahead and find that.
We post new topics/topic name.
So I just gave it the topic name and left out slash topics.
So let's go back, put in topics.
Let's go ahead and try that one more time.
There you go. You can see that we're publishing the data.
Great. Basically all we're doing,
is printing off the response that we're getting back from the REST proxy.
So it tells us the offset.
So let's go ahead and put this in full screen mode.
You can see that we're just going to continue to get more data.
If we want to prove this is working,
we can then open up another terminal,
and we can use a Kafka console predict consumer
and our topic name was lesson4.sample5.
We're going to start from the beginning and
you can see our purchase data continuing to flow through.
So this was an example of how you can produce data to Kafka REST proxy.